# One-frame Cubli project core 
#### Project made @ AAU Electronics and IT by students on a 6th semester (2016)

__Update (06/03/2016)__: To be able to edit full commit messages, for example with Notepad++, you should type (in git bash): 
```bash
git config --global core.editor "notepad"
git config --global format.commitMessageColumns 72
```
If you want another text editor, search the internet what should you replace "noteapd" with. Please __do it__ (unless you feel comfortable with the default vim editor) ! :wink:

## Repository hierarchy
Disclaimer: this hierarchy is subject to small changes throughout the semester you should read it again from times to times.
### In this repository stands: 
* A LaTeX template for report writing (under `LaTeX Template/`) 
* A LaTeX template for supervisor meetings summaries and the corresponding PDFs (under `meetings/`) 
* Third party code used in our project (including the original given code) (under `rdparty/`) 
* Our version of the global project code itself (to be added under `global/`)
* Simulations code and simulink files and system's values' cheatsheet (under `simulation/`)

## Rules when running a simulation/test
1. Create a folder under `tests/` with an explicit name.  
2. The latter should use camel case with first letter being small: awesomeTestWithCrazyController
3. Organize this folder as follows:
    * `implem/`  -> all the C code necessary to run this test as is at the moment the test is performed   
    * `matlab/`   -> all Matlab scripts and extracted data from the test (under `matlab/`). If multiple scripts are needed in relation to this test assemble them in one file with section separators and section description: %% DESCRIPTION %%
    * `pictures/` -> photos, graphs and drawings related to that test


## Git workflow
### Vocabulary
###### Repository (or repo) 
Contains all the data you want to put into, plus a lot of metadata generated by git for history and version management (The file you are reading right now is part of the repository p6-cubli-main.)
###### Commit 
Create a "picture" of the repository at that time of history (see `git commit`). The message !!**HAS TO BE**!! explicit about its content, i.e. what has changed since last time. You can but a brief (but descriptive !) title phrase on the first line of the commit message and add more details after the second line (which should be left empty).
###### Stage 
The staging area contains all the files you are about to commit. You can select which files you want to commit from all the ones you just modified and put them in the staging area via the command `git add`.
###### Pull 
Retrieves and merges the content from a distant copy of the repository to the local (branch of the) repository you are on. Merge conflicts can arise if the same section of a file was modified on both sides: you have to resolve it by hand (or ask me if you are in doubt)(see `git pull`).
###### Push
Pushes everything you have on your local copy of the repository to the desired distant copy. You **must** first pull the Github copy before trying to push to it ! (see `git push`)

### Writing history procedure
You should commit as soon as you apply sensible changes to any part of the repository. 
When you have made significant changes to the repo throughout the day, you **must** do a few things before leaving. **First**, verify that all your *code works* properly. Then, (if not already done as stated in the previous sentence..) stage and commit all changes that actually work (or that are very important for the others to go on with this the following days). Finally, don't forget to **pull** and then push these changes to Github!


